After konambe pilot:
Pending work

All manual data entered needs to be coming from the data base for the water balance framework
calculation. These data get stored in the database once the field worker enters it----> Mihir and Atharva

Rainfall
input-hardcoded, refine-need to be automated(either taken from maharain or satellite)----> Mihir

Runoff 
Present: Calculated at a village level thus any runoff entering and exiting village is considered 0
	 Also computed using strenges table
Refine: Runoff at a mini watershed level needs to be calculated ---->Aishwarya
	Newer method needs to be used----> Rishabh and Aishwarya (Need to talk to Suresh kulkarni sir)

Domestic requirement: Done

Crop requirement
Present : FAO data set used for growth stages and crop coefficient and ET0 data taken is of 2002 form India
	  water portal. Near real time ET0 data formulated but not linked with the main code. Grapes hardcoded
Refine: Local data if present needs to be used and the crop data set needs to be expanded. Near real time ET0
	needs to be linked with the main code---> Rishabh (Need to talk to Suresh kulkarni sir). and Sachin sir Grapes-Rishabh and Mihir

Water conservation structures:
Present: Water extraction algorithm developed but not combined with the main code. Listing of conservation
	 structures done manually. The depth of the every structure is assumed and stored in the database.
	 The seepage of most of the structure is considered 50% for the entire season and number of filling to be 
	 2.
Refine: Water extraction algorithm linked with the identifying the structures through geo tagged photos of 
	JYS needs to be done.----> Aishwarya Determining seepage from the structures at a monthly basis needs to though of----> Rishabh
	Need to add canal water into it too.(Talk to Suresh sir and Belsare sir)

Evaporation:
Present: The evaporation amount deducted is considered to be 30% of the total surface water impounded by 
	 structures
Refine: Use the near real time data of the HMS station for better computation----> Rishabh

Evapotranspiration
Present: Village classified into barren, forest and agri lands. The image taken is of the month of October. The
	 land under shrubs is computed manually by using the barren and agri lands data. The evaportation rate is 
	 also as per the IIT-POCRA JYS water budget assumption
Refine: The evapration rate for barren land can be taken as the one obtained from HMS station. For shrubs and forest
	land the ET0 calculated using penmann method can be used but Kc for these areas needs to be computed 
	from satellite data(if possible)----> Rishabh. The area under these lands also needs to be calculated on a monthly basis.----> Aishwarya

Soil moisture
Present: Considered to be a fixed percentage of the total rainfall recieved
Refine: Needs to be computed through the soil maps and as per the formulations given by ISRO----> Rishabh and Aishwarya

Supply side advisories----> Aishwarya and Rishabh
Present: The algorithm to locate suitable sites for making strutures completed, insights on improving supply side 
	 manually listed down along with Deshpande sir
Refine: The algorihtm to locate these sites needs to be initiated. Process to automate supply side insights needs
	to be thought of

Demand side advisories
Present: Drip and area reduction
Refine: Drip, Crop diversification, feeder and economic implications----> Mihir

Groundwater estimation----> Rishabh
Present: Normalized output by considering the percentages from HMS stations of GSDA in nashik
Refine: Get the GW level data from GSDA/sarpanch of Konambe/CGWB and the specific yield from CGWB report and compute the annual GW estimation.
Procedure: 
Step 1: Determine the area with slope area not being more than 15% 
Step 2: Specific yield of the area is 0.2
Step 3: 2019 data from WRIS. Use water table fluctuation method as mentioned in GEC guidelines


Water level trend----> Rishabh
Present: Not done
Refine: Get the equation from GSDA or get historical data from CGWB website and create the equation.
Look into MIT's GW paper and see if it can be replicated in our solution

Incorporate the canal water in your model:
Recharge by canal area = Seepage factor(Hectare meters/day/million square meters) * wetted area in million square meters * number of days canal is in operation
avg depth of flow = 0.6 * design depth of the flow of that canal segment
Data required:
1) Seepage factor
2) Length of each canal segment
3) Design depth of flow meters
4) Base width in meters
5) Side slope in degrees
6) Number of days the canal segment is in operation

wetted area = [[2*0.6*Design depth/sin(side slope)]+base width]*length/10^6
recharge=wetted area*seepage factor*number of days


Atal Bhujal Yojna- 15th December
Konambe – Testimonials, Water level scenarios based on advisories, advisories based on least rainfall year, water budget document, revenue generation alternate. 
Shastrinagar – Data collection(Piyush or Bedwal or open source), water body identification, Advisories, water level scenarios based on advisories, water budget document.
CARD
Kanhur mesai -  land use classification, water budget document, advisories, meeting on progress and co-creation.
